Fix bullets in Advanced > Configure cluster capacity (#19007)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/cockroachcloud/create-an-advanced-cluster.md

1. In the **VPC Peering section**, select **Configure the IP range** to configure your own IP range.

1. Enter the IP range and size (in CIDR format) for the CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.cloud }} network based on the following considerations:

>       - To comply with [GCP's overlapping subnets restriction](https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/vpc-peering#restrictions), configure an IP range that doesn't overlap with the IP ranges in your application network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - To work around with [GCP's overlapping subnets restriction](https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/vpc-peering#restrictions), configure an IP range that doesn't overlap with the IP ranges in your application network.
```
